Docs associated with the upgrade to Apicurio v3 (#3453)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/record-validation/proc-configuring-record-validation-filter.adoc

[source,yaml]
----
schemaValidationConfig:
  apicurioId: 1001
  apicurioRegistryUrl: http://registry.local:8080
  wireFormatVersion: V3
allowNulls: true
allowEmpty: true
----

* `apicurioId` identifies the schema that the filter enforces. By default, this ID refers to the Apicurio Registry's `contentId`.
  If the record key or value does not conform to the schema identified by this ID, the record is rejected.
  If a Kafka producer embeds a schema ID in the record (either in a header or _magic_ bytes at the start of the record's key or value), the filter validates it against this value. The record is rejected if the IDs do not match.
* `apicurioRegistryUrl` specifies the endpoint URL for the Apicurio Registry.
* `wireFormatVersion` controls whether the Apicurio client operates in `V3` (default) or `V2` (deprecated).
   In `V3` mode, the `apicurioId` property identifies schema by content ID. In this mode, the filter expects the Kafka producer to identify schemas by content ID.

>    In `V2` mode, the `apicurioId` property identifies schema by global ID. In this mode, the filter expects the Kafka producer to identify schemas by global ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In `V3` mode, the `apicurioId` property identifies schema by content ID, and the filter expects the Kafka producer to use content IDs to identify schema.
   In `V2` mode, the `apicurioId` property identifies schema by global ID, and the filter expects the Kafka producer to use global IDs to identify schema.
```

Reviewer: Thanks @k-wall. Slight rewording
